Announcer: PREVIOUSLY ON
DAWSON'S CREEK...
I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE ANGRY WITH ME
FOR KISSING YOU.
I THINK YOU'RE
ANGRY WITH YOURSELF
FOR KISSING ME BACK.
YOU KISSED MY GIRLFRIEND.
THE TRUTH IS
I'D DO IT AGAIN.
KISS ME.
I THOUGHT
YOU'D NEVER ASK.
Joey:
YOU MAKE ME SO HAPPY,
BUT I HAVE TO MAKE
MYSELF HAPPY FIRST.
WE CAN'T JUST SAY
I LOVE YOU FOR THE FIRST TIME
AND HAVE IT BE OVER!
GOOD NIGHT.
Woman [ON TV]:
I TRUST I MAY HAVE LEAVE
TO SPEAK, AND SPEAK I WILL.
Dawson: THERE'S NOT
A SINGLE DRAMATIC
STORY LINE IN EXISTENCE
THAT SHAKESPEARE
DIDN'T CONQUER FIRST.
FAMILY REVENGE,
POLITICAL INTRIGUE,
THE GREAT GENDER BATTLE.
THE GUY MAPPED IT
ALL OUT FOR US.
AND WHAT WAS
HIS PARTING LESSON?
WHAT GENRE OF ALL GENRES
DID HE FINALLY ARRIVE AT
AFTER YEARS OF TOIL
AND SACRIFICE? TRAGEDY.
SHH!
LIKE ALL GREAT ROMANTICS,
HE FINALLY REALIZED
THAT LIFE WAS A LOT
MORE LIKELY TO END UP
WITH A BUNCH OF DEAD
DANISH PEOPLE ON STAGE
THAN WITH A KISS.
WHAT A SAD MOVIE.
MOM, YOU CRIED
AT COMMERCIALS.
ONLY THAT
COTTON COMMERCIAL.
WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING
ABOUT YOUR PERPETUAL
STATE OF MELANCHOLY.
I'M CONCERNED ABOUT YOU.
WELL, HONEY,
EVER SINCE
YOUR BREAKUP WITH JOEY,
YOU HAVEN'T SAID
ONE WORD ABOUT IT.
DAWSON, YOU HAVEN'T
EVEN WALLOWED.
WHAT GOOD
IS WALLOWING?
ALL THE WALLOWING
IN THE WORLD DOESN'T
BRING SOMEONE BACK.
WALLOWING ISN'T
ABOUT GETTING THEM BACK.
IT ISN'T ABOUT THEM AT ALL.
IT'S ABOUT YOU.
AND LEARNING
TO ALLOW YOURSELF
THE FEW MEAGER ADVANTAGES
OF BEING THE DUMPEE.
ADVANTAGES?
SURE, LIKE ALLOWING YOURSELF
TO STUFF YOUR FACE
WITH A LIFETIME SUPPLY OF
RED LICORICE AND DOUGHNUTS.
OR, UM, A NEWFOUND
APPRECIATION
FOR COUNTRY MUSIC.
LIKE AN EXCUSE TO WATCH
THAT LAST SCENE
FROM FIELD OF DREAMS.
ACQUIRING THE NECESSARY
PAIN TO WRITE
BAD, BITTER POETRY.
A REASON TO SCOWL.
A REASON TO BITCH!
WORK OUT AGGRESSION.
YEAH! YOU SEE,
WHEN YOU THINK
ABOUT IT, HONEY,
EVERY INCH OF PAIN
THAT TOUCHES YOU
MAKES YOU A DEEPER,
MORE REAL INDIVIDUAL.
WHETHER YOU'RE 15 OR...
SLIGHTLY OLDER.
SO IT DOESN'T
GET ANY EASIER?
NOPE. YOU JUST
GO TO BED EARLIER.
NIGHT, HONEY.
GOOD NIGHT, MOM.
UM, HOPE I WAS AN
ACCEPTABLE SUBSTITUTE
FOR MOVIE NIGHT.
YOU DID GREAT.
"WHAT LIGHT THROUGH
YONDER WINDOW BREAKS?"
IT IS THE MIDTERM.
AND YOUR IMPENDING FAILURE
IS BUT HOURS AWAY.
BLUE BOOKS.
YOU'LL NOTICE
THEY ARE BLANK.
AND FOR MANY OF YOU,
THEY'LL SCORE HIGHER AS SUCH
THAN WHEN ACTUALLY WRITTEN IN.
PLEASE SIGN YOUR REAL NAME,
AHEM.
AS FOR THE TEST, AHEM,
IT WILL COVER EVERYTHING
WE HAVE STUDIED IN
ENGLISH LITERATURE THUS FAR
AND WILL BE WORTH 50%
OF THIS TERM'S GRADE.
MAIN POINTS OF INTEREST:
SHAKESPEARE, DICKENS,
THE ROMANTICS,
AND YOUR FAVORITE--THE READ
EVERYBODY'S TALKING ABOUT--
BEOWULF.
I WILL BE HOSTING
A STUDY SESSION
IN THIS CLASSROOM
AT 3:00.
IT IS MY RECOMMENDATION
YOU ATTEND,
UNLESS,
OF COURSE, YOUR PARENTS
HAVE DEDICATED
A EAST WING OR TWO TO
AN IVY LEAGUE INSTITUTION,
IN WHICH CASE YOUR TRAGIC,
EAST COAST ARISTOCRATIC,
SOCIAL ALCOHOLIC FATE
HAS ALREADY BEEN SEALED.
THIS IS MORE THAN
JUST AN EXAM, PEOPLE.
IT'S YOUR LIFE.
[BELL RINGING]
HEY.
DAWSON, AT SOME POINT
WE HAVE TO SAY SOMETHING
TO EACH OTHER.
WHAT WOULD YOU
LIKE ME TO SAY, JOEY?
WHAT DO YOU
WANT TO SAY?
GO AWAY.
BESIDES THAT.
JOEY, YOU MADE IT VERY CLEAR
YOU NEEDED SPACE, OK?
I AM GIVING YOU THAT SPACE.
I DIDN'T THINK
IT WOULD MEAN
WE'D BE CUTTING OFF
ALL COMMUNICATION,
DAWSON.
WHAT DID YOU THINK,
IT WOULD MEAN, JOEY?
THIS ISN'T FAIR.
TO WHICH ONE OF US?
YOU CAN'T MAKE UP
ALL THE RULES!
I DON'T WANT TO.
THEN WHAT
DO YOU WANT?!
ONE DAY THIS CAFETERIA
IS DESTINED
TO COOK A FRY THAT
ACTUALLY TASTES LIKE A FRY.
MéNAGE Ä TROIS.
EVER BEEN IN ONE?
ALL HAIL, THE QUEEN
OF NON SEQUITURS HAS SPOKEN.
IT'S NOT A NON SEQUITUR.
IT'S THIS MONTH'S JANE.
CHICK MAGAZINES
ARE RACIER THAN PLAYBOY.
THERE'S ALWAYS
SOME ARTICLE IN THERE
ABOUT HOW
TO PROLONG YOUR THIS
OR AROUSE YOUR THAT.
THIS ONE'S
A PURITY TEST.
WHAT?
PURITY TEST.
YOU'VE HEARD OF 'EM.
AN ASSORTMENT
OF SEXUAL QUESTIONS
WHICH WHEN TOTALED IS
MEANT TO GAUGE THE LEVEL
OF SEXUAL EXPERIENCE.
OKEY-DOKEY. TIME
TO PUT THAT AWAY NOW.
WHY? IT'S FUN.
GAUGING OUR LEVEL
OF SEXUAL EXPERTISE
IS NOT REALLY MY IDEA
OF JOY ABOUNDING.
DON'T THINK I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THIS IS ABOUT,
PACEY WITTER.
I KNOW YOUR HISTORY.
YOU DO?
SURE. YOU'RE
A TYPICAL GUY.
YOU WANT EVERYONE
TO THINK
YOU HAVE THIS UNSEEMLY,
ADVENTUROUS
SEXUAL EXISTENCE
WHEN IN FACT
YOUR PURITY LEVEL
IS PROBABLY CLOSER
TO BIG BIRD'S
THAN BILL CLINTON'S.
YEAH, YOU KNOW WHAT,
YOU GOT ME.
THAT'S ME, MR.
EMBARRASSINGLY PURE.
WHATEVER. SO, AM I
GONNA SEE YOU AT
PETERSON'S CRAM-O-RAMA?
THAT WOULD IMPLY
THAT I AM GOING.
NO, NO, PACEY,
YOU CANNOT BAIL
ON THIS STUDY SESSION.
WAY TOO IMPORTANT.
TO YOU.
TO ANYONE WHO CARES
ABOUT THEIR GRADE.
WELL, SEE,
THERE'S THE RUB.
YO SOY
NOT CONCERNED.
DON'T JOKE ABOUT THIS.
I'M SERIOUS.
AS COMMITTED AS YOU ARE
TO DOING EVERYTHING
WITHIN YOUR POWER
TO GETTING AN "A,"
I AM EQUALLY COMMITTED
TO GETTING MY "C."
POSSIBLY "D" IF I
CAN'T GET A GOOD LOOK
AT YOUR ANSWER SHEET.
PACEY.
GIVE ME ONE GOOD REASON
WHY I SHOULD.
ME.
OK. FINE. I'LL GO.
JUST DON'T EXPECT ME
TO STAY AWAKE.
JEN-A-LISH, DELISH.
HEY, CHRIS.
WHAT'S UP?
LONG RUN TODAY.
YEAH.
THOUGHT YOU'D BE LOOKING
FOR SOMEONE
TO KEEP STRIDE WITH.
AND YOU'D LIKE
TO BE THAT SOMEONE?
I'M A GOOD PACER.
I KNOW WHEN TO SPEED UP
AND WHEN TO SLOW DOWN.
AND WHEN
TO LEAVE SOMEONE ALONE?
JEN, IS THERE
A PARTICULAR REASON
WHY YOU'RE NOT RECEPTIVE
TO MY WILY CHARMS?
OTHER THAN THE FACT THAT
YOU EMIT THEM REGULARLY
TO ANY SKIRT
WITHIN A 6-MILE RADIUS?
ACTUALLY, I HAVE A CAR,
SO IT'S MORE LIKE
THE TRI-STATE AREA.
AHA. A SMILE.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
[SIGHS]
LATER, CHRIS.
AND THE HAWK CIRCLES.
HE'S JUST BEING CUTE,
WHICH HE REALLY IS.
YOU SEEN HIS LOVE 'EM
AND LEAVE 'EM RAP SHEET?
IT'S EPIC.
RELAX, DAWSON.
JUST LOOKING OUT.
SO, YOU HITTING
THAT STUDY SESSION?
OH. I DOUBT IT.
I'M NOT MUCH IN
THE "APPLYING MYSELF"
ZONE THESE DAYS.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
WELL, IT'S EITHER THAT
OR ANOTHER EVENING
WATCHING SOME AWFUL,
SEVENTIES TEARJERKER
WITH MY MOTHER,
SO...YOU SHOULD GO.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT,
DAWSON.
SINCE IT DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE I'LL BE HAVING
A HOT NIGHT OF UNBRIDLED
PASSION WITH ROMEO
OVER THERE,
I'LL CONSIDER IT.
ALL RIGHT.
"DEAR CLASS,
WENT HOME WITH A COLD
"THAT WAS CONSIDERABLY
MORE IMPORTANT THAN YOU.
"THE TEST IS STILL ON
FOR TOMORROW.
"STUDY THE SAMPLE QUESTIONS.
UNTIL THEN, HARDLY YOURS,
MR. PETERSON."
SO HE BAILED ON HIS
OWN SESSION. GREAT.
WE SHOULD HAVE
OUR OWN STUDY SESSION.
MY FOLKS ARE
IN SAINT MARTIN.
WE'LL HAVE THE WHOLE
HOUSE TO OURSELVES.
LIKE WE'D GET A LOT
OF WORK DONE THAT WAY.
THE LADY QUESTIONS
MY MOTIVES?
INVITE YOUR FRIENDS.
YOU TWO INTERESTED?
LET'S STUDY AT MY PLACE.
I WAS THINKING MORE
ALONG THE LINES OF
THE CITY LIBRARY.
WHOA, WHOA. HIS OFFER
DOES HAVE A CERTAIN
ENTICING QUALITY.
SINCE WHEN HAVE YOU
BEEN IN SUCH A RUSH
TO FORM A STUDY GROUP?
HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN THIS MAN'S HOUSE?
HIS FAMILY
IS TOTALLY LOADED.
THEY GOT
A SATELLITE DISH.
OH, COME ON.
ALL RIGHT. WE'RE IN.
COOL.
I'LL DRIVE.
YOUNG LADY.
WILL YOU
JOIN US?
HOW CAN I RESIST?
Andie: HEY, JOEY.
SO WHAT ARE YOUR STUDY PLANS?
OH, JUST ME, MY ENGLISH LIT
BOOK, AND A LOUD, CRYING BABY.
GOOD. THEN YOU CAN
COME WITH ME.
WHERE?
A STUDY SESSION AT CHRIS
WOLFE'S. I CAN'T DO THIS ALONE.
CHRIS WOLFE'S? YOU'RE GOING TO
RELY ON CHRIS WOLFE TO PROVIDE A
SUITABLE STUDY ENVIRONMENT?
I THINK I'M BETTER OFF
WITH THE LOUD, CRYING BABY.
OK, DO YOU HONESTLY
BELIEVE I WOULD LET THIS NIGHT
BE ANYTHING LESS THAN
RIDICULOUSLY BENEFICIAL?
TRUST ME. I'M IN MEGA-CONTROL
OF THIS EVENT.
HEY DAWSON! WHERE YOU
HEADED LITTLE BUDDY?
WELL, SKIPPER, I SAW PETERSON'S
NOTE. I'M HEADED HOME.
I'M ACTUALLY HEADED TO A
DIFFERENT STUDY SESSION, IF
YOU'RE UP FOR IT.
"DIFFERENT STUDY SESSION"?
IS THIS PACEY WITTER CODE
FOR PARTY?
BROTHEL? ROAD TRIP
TO DISNEYLAND?
BELIEVE IT OR NOT, THIS IS A
TRUE MEETING OF INTELLECTUALS
IN A HIGHLY MODERATED STUDIOUS
ENVIRONMENT AND THAT, MY FRIEND,
IS OUR RIDE.
[HONKS HORN]
Pacey: SO WHAT DO YOU SAY?
SURE.
UH, THE TV IS THAT WAY.
THE JACUZZI AND SAUNA
ARE OUT BACK.
WE KEEP EXTRA SUITS IN THE
GUEST ROOM,
AND, UH, KITCHEN'S THAT WAY
IF YOU GET HUNGRY.
SOUNDS LIKE WE'RE GOING
TO GET A LOT OF STUDYING DONE.
REMINDER, I'M IN
COMPLETE CONTROL HERE.
[CLEARS THROAT]
EVERYONE, MY LITTLE SISTER,
DINA.
SHE PROMISES TO STAY
OUT OF THE WAY.
NOPE. THIS ROOM ISN'T
GONNA DO.
WE'RE GONNA NEED A LONG
TABLE, PROPER LIGHTING,
AND HIGH-BACKED CHAIRS.
WHERE'S PACEY?
HEY, CHECK THIS OUT.
TWO HUNDRED CHANNELS FROM
ALL OVER THE WORLD.
IT'S A COUCH POTATO'S DREAM.
LOOK AT THAT!
3 STOOGES  IN CANTONESE.
WHY DO YOU INSIST ON UNDERMINING
ME AT EVERY OPPORTUNITY YOU GET?
THINK OF HOW BORING
THE ALTERNATIVE IS.
LOOK, I'M GOING TO NEED YOUR
HELP WITH OUR ATTENTION DEFICIT
HOST, OK?
THERE'S NO WAY I CAN EXPEND
ENERGY ROUNDING UP THE BOTH OF
YOU.
NOW, COME ON!
[WHINING]
BUT I WANNA WATCH TV.
SO, THE PLAN OF ATTACK
IS SIMPLE.
USING THIS BOOK, WE'LL SPEND 30
MINUTES ON EACH OF THE VARIOUS
SECTIONS:
VICTORIAN POETRY, SHAKESPEARE,
DICKENS, ETC.
AND, BY MY WATCH, IF WE ALLOW
FOR A FEW 15 MINUTE BREAKS,
WE'LL BE ABLE TO COVER THE
ENTIRE COURSE LOAD BY MIDNIGHT.
THAT WILL STILL GIVE US ENOUGH
TIME TO DO AN HOUR SPEED ROUND
AND GET A GOOD NIGHT'S SLEEP.
SOUND GOOD?
UH, ANYBODY WANNA ORDER PIZZA?
Joey: ME.
ABSOLUTELY, YEAH.
HEY, I GOT IT!
LISTEN, WHY DON'T YOU JUST THINK
OF THIS AS SEVERAL OF OUR 15
MINUTES BREAKS STRUNG TOGETHER?
GOT A BOTTLE IN HERE FROM '84.
IT'S FROM NAPA.
FANCY.
WELL, ACTUALLY THE WINE IS MADE
BY A MARRIED COUPLE
WHO HAVE SORT OF A MOM-AND-POP
VINEYARD THING GOING.
I WAS TAUGHT TO CHOOSE
QUALITY OVER LABELS.
I THINK WE'RE GETTING TO KNOW
EACH OTHER MINUS SEXUAL
OVERTONES.
WELL, IT IS POSSIBLE.
YOU KNOW, JEN, IT BOTHERS ME
THAT YOU ASSUME THE WORST ABOUT
ME.
I DON'T ABOUT YOU.
WELL, GIVEN OUR PREVIOUS
ENCOUNTERS, PLUS YOUR
REPUTATION,
WHAT WOULD YOU EXPECT
ME TO ASSUME?
THAT WE'RE A LOT ALIKE.
THAT REPUTATIONS AREN'T WORTH
THE AIR THEY'RE WRITTEN ON,
AND THAT THE ONLY WAY TO REALLY
GET TO KNOW SOMEONE IS BY
GETTING TO KNOW THEM.
DEAL.
I DON'T WANT TO LET GO
JUST YET..
Andie: OK, FOR 200 POINTS:
THE MOST FAMOUS OF THE
ROMANTIC POETS?
POPE.
Andie: WRONG. DAWSON?
SHELLEY?
Andie: WRONG AGAIN.
"TWO BEINGS WERE DRIFTING,
EACH ONE TO THE OTHER,
NO MOMENTS, VEIL-LIFTING,
OR HINT FROM OTHER." HARDY.
IMPRESSIVE, BUT WRONG!
PACEY?
"WOULD YOU EAT THEM IN A BOX?
WOULD YOU EAT THEM WITH A FOX?"
SEUSS!
I SO HATE YOU RIGHT NOW.
KEATS. IT WAS KEATS.
DING, DING! OK...FOR AN
ADDITIONAL 100 POINTS,
CAN YOU GIVE US HIS MOST
FAMOUS QUOTE?
Andie: OK. COME ON.
"BEAUTY IS TRUTH, TRUTH BEAUTY."
UM, HE'S RIGHT. I FORGOT.
IT WOULD SEEM SO.
WHOA, MAYBE WE SHOULD
HIT THAT HOT TUB?
WHAT DO YOU THINK,
CHILL OUT A BIT?
WE'VE BEEN CHILLIN' OUT
FOR 2 HOURS.
WHAT WE NEED TO DO
NOW IS FOCUS.
WELL, THEN,
WHAT DO WE HAVE HERE?
WHY DID I TAKE YOU MORE FOR THE
NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TYPE?
YOU'VE GOT TO BE
KIDDING ME!
"HOW PURE ARE YOU?"
GOD, TALK ABOUT AN OPEN
CAN OF WORMS.
Chris: OH, EXCELLENT.
Andie: NO WAY, NO.
WE'RE ALREADY BEHIND.
COME ON, LIEUTENANT!
I VOTE FOR ONE LAST BONDING
EVENT BEFORE I GO BACK TO
ACADEMIC TORTURE.
WHY NOT?
OK, IN AN EFFORT TO KEEP THIS
MOMENT OF FOLLY UNDER CONTROL,
I'M TAKING CHARGE.
THERE'S 100 QUESTIONS TOTAL,
AND I ONLY HAVE ONE TEST.
WE'LL PASS IT AROUND AND
TAKE TURNS ASKING.
WRITE YOUR ANSWERS ON THE PAPER
AND WE'LL TOTAL WHEN FINISHED.
OK, UM, PACEY?
WHY DON'T YOU START?
ALRIGHTY. QUESTION #1:
"HAVE YOU EVER BEEN INTIMATELY
AROUSED BY A RELATIVE?"
SO, IT'S A SOUTHERN TEST, HUH?
NUMBER 13: "HAVE YOU
EVER EXPERIMENTED WITH BONDAGE?"
NUMBER 22: "HAVE YOU EVER GOTTEN
COZY IN AN AIRPLANE?"
"..IN A PUBLIC PLACE?"
Chris: "..IN YOUR
PARENT'S BED?"
"HAVE YOU EVER CAUGHT
YOUR PARENTS HAVING SEX?"
NUMBER 63: "HAVE YOU EVER NAMED
YOUR MOST PRIVATE OF REGIONS?"
NUMBER 69.
WHOA!
[ALL LAUGHING]
Jen: "HAVE YOU EVER
PARTICIPATED IN.."
"HAVE YOU EVER ENGAGED IN SEXUAL
ACTIVITY WITH A MEMBER OF THE
SAME SEX?"
"...WITH A TRANSVESTITE?"
"...WITH A 4-LEGGED CREATURE?"
"HAVE YOU EVER PAID FOR SEX?"
DOES DINNER COUNT?
QUESTION #84:
"HAVE YOU EVER FANTASIZED ABOUT
A FRIEND'S SIGNIFICANT OTHER?"
Andie: VERY QUIET IN THE ROOM
ALL OF A SUDDEN.
"HAVE YOU EVER HAD AN AFFAIR
WITH A FRIEND'S SIGNIFICANT
OTHER?"
Chris: IN MY FANTASY.
GIVE ME THIS.
"HAVE YOU EVER HAD AN AFFAIR
WITH A FRIEND'S PET?"
HOW COME I GET ALL THE
ANIMAL QUESTIONS?
OK, #100:
UM, "HAVE YOU EVER BEEN IN LOVE?
IF SO, HOW MANY TIMES? GIVE
YOURSELF A POINT OF PURITY FOR
EACH TIME."
Andie:
OK, LET'S SCORE 'EM UP!
Andie: EVERYBODY READY?
NOT NOW, DAWSON.
I SAW THE LOOK ON YOUR FACE WHEN
YOU READ THAT QUESTION.
IS THIS YOUR VERSION OF SPACE?
YOU'RE FREE TO LEAVE ANYTIME.
I DON'T SEE YOU MAKING
A RUSH FOR THE DOOR.
THAT'S BECAUSE I CAME
HERE TO STUDY.
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE COMING.
IS IT SO AWFUL THAT
I'M HERE?
NO! STOP PUTTING
WORDS INTO MY MOUTH.
I ASKED FOR TIME, DAWSON,
JUST TIME.
PLEASE RESPECT THAT.
ISSUES. DAWSON, RIGHT?
DINA WOLFE HERE,
IN CASE YOU DIDN'T REMEMBER.
DINA, DO YOU KNOW WHERE
THE COFFEE IS?
YEAH, DRIP OR INSTANT?
UM, DRIP.
APPROPRIATE.
TOUGH ROOM.
WITH ME, ALWAYS.
SO, CARE TO FILL ME IN ON THE
DETAILS OF YOUR LITTLE LOVE
AFFAIR?
ID' RATHER NOT DISCUSS IT,
ACTUALLY, THANKS.
YOU'RE RIGHT, DAWSON.
WHY TALK?
PEOPLE LIKE YOU AND ME, WE CAN
SAY EVERYTHING WITH A LOOK.
AND THE TOTALS ARE AS FOLLOWS,
CHRIS CLOCKED IN WITH THE LEAST
PURE SCORE OF 66%,
JEN IS A CLOSE SECOND WITH 69%,
JOEY AND DAWSON BRING US UP THE
SCALE WITH A MATCHING LEVEL OF
85%,
AND I ROUND US UP WITH A 92.
WAIT A MINUTE...
WE'RE MISSING ONE HERE.
IT'S RIGHT HERE.
OH, WHY DIDN'T YOU TURN IT IN?
DIDN'T REALLY WANT TO.
HAND IT OVER.
Chris: YOU DOG!
THIS WOULDN'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH QUESTION #16.
SIXTEEN? I DON'T GET IT.
YEAH, WE BLEW RIGHT PAST IT,
BUT I THINK WE SHOULD READ
IT AGAIN ALOUD.
WHAT DO YOU SAY, PACE?
CHRIS, STOP IT.
COME ON. I'M DYING TO KNOW.
WHAT'D YOU PUT FOR 16, WITTER?
LET'S JUST PUT AN OLD RUMOR
TO REST RIGHT NOW.
IS THERE ANYTHING REDEEMING
ABOUT YOU OTHER THAN YOUR HOUSE?
OUCH.
OK, WILL SOMEONE PLEASE TELL
ME WHAT YOU GUYS ARE TALKING
ABOUT?
OK, I'LL LOOK IT UP MYSELF.
UM, 16: "HAVE YOU EVER HAD SEX
WITH SOMEONE... TWICE YOUR AGE?"
HUH? IT'S A JOKE, RIGHT?
Chris:
WELL, IT'S TRUE AFTER ALL.
WITTER LAID THE PIPE WITH
MISS JACOBS.
I DON'T KNOW WHETHER TO
CONGRATULATE YOU OR FALL OFF MY
CHAIR.
MISS JACOBS... THE TEACHER
WHO LEFT CAPESIDE?
PACEY... YOU SAID THAT YOU
WERE EMBARRASSINGLY PURE.
THOSE WERE YOUR WORDS, RIGHT?
CHRIS, DO YOU KNOW WHERE
THEY MAY HAVE GONE?
I'M TELLING YOU, THEY'RE OUT
THERE SCREWING AROUND BY NOW.
EVERYONE KNOWS MAKEUP SEX
IS THE BEST KIND.
I WOULDN'T KNOW.
DON'T WORRY, BUD.
THE WAY YOU AND JOEY
ARE GOING AT IT,
THERE'S BOUND TO BE SOME
SERIOUS MAKE-UP SEX IN YOUR
FUTURE.
SO...
SO?
HOW AM I DOING?
WITH?
THE LOVELY JEN LINDLEY.
YOU GUYS USED TO DATE.
YOU KNOW HOW SHE THINKS.
SHE LIKES ME, HUH?
WELL, YOU NEVER HAVE HAD MUCH
TROUBLE ATTRACTING THE OPPOSITE
SEX, CHRIS.
YEAH, BUT, UH, JEN'S DIFFERENT.
SHE'S, UH, TOO WITH IT.
CLOSING THE DEAL REQUIRES A
COMPLETELY DIFFERENT STRATEGY.
YOU MEAN SLEEPING WITH HER.
NO, I MEAN A HEAVY GAME OF UNO.
IT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.
WE'LL SEE.
YOU KNOW, CHRIS,
JEN IS IN THIS REALLY WEIRD
VULNERABLE STATE RIGHT NOW.
DON'T TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THAT.
RELAX.
WE WON'T DO ANYTHING SHE'S
NOT LOOKING FORWARD TO.
WE'LL SEE.
AH, IF IT'S PROOF YOU NEED,
YOU SEE THAT LIGHT UP THERE
IN THE GUEST HOUSE?
WHEN THAT LIGHT'S OFF,
THAT MEANS I'M INSIDE
WITH JEN...
...LOWERING BOTH OUR PURITY
LEVELS, AND YOU?
YOU'LL BE OUT HERE ALONE.
LET ME KNOW IF YOU NEED
TO BORROW A SWIMSUIT.
GOD, I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS PLACE.
THEY'VE GOT BRAND-NEW SWIMSUITS
JUST FOR VISITORS.
NICE DIGS.
WHAT'S THE MATTER, JO? YOU'RE
NOT GONNA GIVE IN TO A LITTLE
HOT TUB TEMPTATION?
Joey: I'M JUST GONNA
STUDY, THANKS.
YOU KNOW, I REALLY AM SORRY
ABOUT YOU AND DAWSON,
AND I KNOW THAT YOU MAY
NOT BELIEVE IT.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE RIGHT!
I DON'T!
THANKS, JOEY.
THANKS FOR MAKING OUR
CONVERSATION JUST AS DELIGHTFUL
AS EVER.
ANYTIME.
YOU KNOW, I USED TO THINK THAT
IT WAS OUR MUTUAL FEELINGS
FOR DAWSON THAT KEPT US APART.
I NEVER REALLY CONSIDERED THE
FACT THAT MAYBE YOU WERE JUST A
BITCH.
LOOK. JEN, I DIDN'T
MEAN TO BE SO HARSH.
GOD, I AM SO SICK OF
TALKING ALL THE TIME.
I JUST WANT TO FOLLOW MY
FEELINGS AND NOT DISCUSS IT.
WE RUN IT INTO THE
GROUND AND...
DON'T YOU JUST WANT TO HAVE
SOMETHING LEFT TO JUST
EXPERIENCE?
AS MUCH AS ANYONE.
I WAS BEGINNING TO THINK YOU
WALKED ALL THE WAY HOME.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME ABOUT HER?
IT NEVER CAME UP.
NO GOOD, PACEY.
IT DID, AND YOU LIED.
COME ON, ANDIE,
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO SAY?
OK, WELL HOW ABOUT FOR STARTERS,
"OH, BEFORE YOU FALL FOR ME,
ANDIE, I SLEPT WITH MY TEACHER."
OH, RIGHT,
THERE'S AN EASY SENTENCE.
IT'S NOT A JOKE, OK?
IT'S SERIOUS.
AND DESPITE YOUR BRAGGART
TENDENCIES, PACEY,
IT'S NOT EXACTLY AN
ADMIRABLE EVENT.
THAT'S NOT FAIR, ANDIE.
YOU'RE JUDGING ME, AND YOU DON'T
EVEN KNOW THE CIRCUMSTANCES.
BESIDES, I SLEPT WITH HER,
NOT YOU.
WHY WOULD YOU DO IT, PACEY?
WHY?
SEX.
OH, SO THERE WERE NO
FEELINGS INVOLVED.
OF COURSE THERE WERE FEELINGS
INVOLVED. YOU ASKED WHY.
OK, I TAKE IT BACK.
I DON'T WANT TO KNOW ANYMORE.
YOU'RE NOT LIKE THAT.
OF COURSE I'M LIKE THAT!
I'M A SEXUAL CREATURE, ANDIE,
AND SO ARE YOU.
WHY DO YOU THINK WE
TALK ABOUT IT SO MUCH?
JOKE ABOUT IT?
WHY DO YOU THINK WE
GIVE EACH OTHER TESTS
TO SEE HOW PURE WE ARE?
NO, NO, NO!
THAT'S DIFFERENT.
THAT'S COMPLETELY INNOCENT.
NO, IT'S NOT!
THE TEST WAS ABOUT SEX,
AND SEX IS NEVER INNOCENT!
IT'S INTENSE, IT'S PASSIONATE,
AND SOMETIMES IT CAN BE
LIFE-ALTERING,
BUT IT'S NEVER INNOCENT, ANDIE,
AND I'M REALLY SORRY IF THIS
CHANGES THE WAY THAT YOU FEEL
ABOUT ME,
BUT I CAN'T CHANGE THAT.
AND IF THINGS ARE GOING TO
CONTINUE BETWEEN US,
I THINK YOU'RE JUST GONNA
HAVE TO ACCEPT THAT.
YO JEN! HOT TUB'S READY.
Jen: BE RIGHT DOWN.
JEN, HEY!
DAWSON, WHAT?
YOU'RE NOT GOING IN?
NO, UM, CAN I TALK
TO YOU FOR A SECOND?
YEAH...
I'M WORRIED CHRIS DOESN'T
EXACTLY HAVE THE BEST OF
INTENTIONS HERE.
TELL ME SOMETHING
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU'RE AWARE THAT HIS GOAL IS
TO SLEEP WITH YOU TONIGHT?
HE'S A GUY. HE'S 16 AND
HE...
...SEEMS TO FIND ME ATTRACTIVE,
SO YES, I WOULD ASSUME HE'S
GOT SOME SORT OF AGENDA.
AND YOU'RE OK WITH THAT?
JUST BECAUSE HE HAS SOME
SORT OF MASTER PLAN
DOESN'T MEAN THAT I'VE
GOT TO GO ALONG WITH IT.
OK...
FOR THAT MATTER, WHY DO YOU
ASSUME I DON'T HAVE A PLAN
OF MY OWN?
NO-- UH, I JUST--
PSST! GORGEOUS!
WHAT? DO YOU HIDE IN THE VENTS?
SO YOU DATED BOTH OF THEM, HUH?
YOU CERTAINLY DO YOUR RESEARCH.
WHICH ONE'S THE ONE?
ON YOUR TEST, YOU PUT
YOU'D BEEN IN LOVE ONCE.
I'M DYING TO KNOW.
IS IT CAMERON DIAZ
OR JULIA ROBERTS?
HOW DID YOU...
IT'S CALLED AN ANSWER SHEET.
IT'S CALLED... HERE!
GIVE ME THAT.
WAIT.
NOT SO FAST!
I HAVE ONE YOU WANT
MUCH MORE.
JOEY'S?
SHE PUTS A LITTLE
SMILEY FACE IN HER O'S.
KIND OF MAKES ME
WANT TO PUKE.
LET ME SEE IT.
NOT SO FAST,
THIS TOLL HAS A FEE.
OK. WHAT?
[SCOFFS]
YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
I THINK YOU'LL FIND HER LAST
ANSWER RATHER INTERESTING.
SEEMS WHILE YOU'VE ONLY
BEEN IN LOVE ONCE,
ACCORDING TO YOU-KNOW-WHO'S
ANSWER SHEET,
SHE'S BEEN IN LOVE... TWICE.
[LAUGHING] ALL RIGHT, THAT'S
ENOUGH. IT'S TIME TO STUDY.
NO, NO. RELAX.
WE'RE IN A HOT TUB.
STUDYING'S NOT PERMITTED.
REALLY? THEN, WHAT IS?
THIS.
AND... WHAT IF I DON'T
WANT TO MESS AROUND?
THEN WE WON'T.
JEN, I'M NOT A BAD GUY.
I JUST WANT TO HAVE FUN.
WELL, THEN TELL ME,
CHRISTOPHER ROBBIN,
WHAT IS YOUR IDEA OF FUN?
THIS.
SO, JEN...
ARE WE ON THE SAME PAGE?
SAME PAGE.
IS SHE OK?
YEAH. SHE'LL BE FINE.
SHE JUST WANTS TO BE ALONE
RIGHT NOW, YOU KNOW?
WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST WRITE "NO"?
I DIDN'T WANT TO LIE TO HER.
I MEAN, I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT WOULD YOU HAVE DONE?
I'D LIKE TO THINK I WOULD
HAVE BEEN HONEST.
I DON'T KNOW. IT'S...
...I SEEM TO HAVE TROUBLE SAYING
A LOT OF THINGS LATELY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHAT?
TRY HARDER.
LOOK, NO MORE ROUNDS TONIGHT,
DAWSON. I AM SO TIRED.
I'M ACTUALLY TRYING TO GET
5 MINUTES OF STUDYING IN.
JO, I THOUGHT WHAT WE HAD
WAS SPECIAL.
LOOK, I'M SERIOUS. I DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT ANYTHING BUT THIS.
YOU WROTE THAT YOU HAVE
BEEN IN LOVE TWICE.
YOU LOOKED AT MY TEST?!
NO, I'VE LEARNED MY LESSON ABOUT
INVADING YOUR PRIVACY.
CHRIS'S SISTER WAS KIND ENOUGH
TO IMPART THAT INFORMATION.
JOEY, YOU SAID THAT
I WAS YOUR WORLD.
WHEN DID YOU HAVE TIME
FOR GUY #2?
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU'RE
SHALLOW ENOUGH
TO FALL IN LOVE WITH JACK
AFTER ONE KISS.
LOOK, STOP IT!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND!
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW, OK?!
WHY CAN'T WE GO BACK
TO THE WAY THINGS WERE?
WHY CAN'T WE
JUST BE FRIENDS, DAWSON?
THAT'S REALLY WHAT YOU WANT?
YES!
AFTER ALL WE'VE BEEN
THROUGH, JUST FRIENDS?
YEAH.
IF YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY THAT CAN'T HAPPEN,
IF YOU DON'T GET THAT,
YOU DON'T GET ME!
VERY EMOTIONAL.
OSCAR NOMINATING. REALLY.
GO AWAY.
DAWSON, YOU AREN'T CRYING,
ARE YOU?
YOU WANTED A KISS.
IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT?
ARE YOU PREPARED FOR EVERYTHING
THAT COMES WITH THAT KISS?
'CAUSE IT DOESN'T JUST END
WITH A FADE OUT.
THERE ARE REPERCUSSIONS.
HEARTS GET BROKEN.
FRIENDSHIPS GET RUINED.
YOUR ENTIRE LIFE COULD
FALL APART BECAUSE OF ONE KISS.
THAT'S WHAT YOU HAVE TO LOOK
FORWARD TO.
DO YOURSELF A BIG FAVOR...
DON'T RUSH IT.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Joey: KNOCK, KNOCK.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
TO HANG OUT WITH THE ONLY SANE
INDIVIDUAL HERE.
HE'S SO MEAN.
ALL BOYS ARE.
IT'S THEIR EASIEST WAY
OF EXPRESSING THEMSELVES.
AFTER TONIGHT, I'M AVOIDING
GROWING UP AT ALL COSTS.
SOUNDS GOOD. LET ME KNOW
IF YOU HAVE ANY LUCK.
AREN'T YOU SUPPOSED TO BE
ARGUING THE OTHER SIDE?
CONVINCING ME THAT
GROWING UP CAN BE
SUCH A BEAUTIFUL EXPERIENCE
IF I JUST LET IT?
I SEE.
YOU WANT THE "I'M OLDER THAN
YOU, SO HERE'S HOW IT WORKS"
SPEECH?
HOW'S THIS?
GROWING UP SUCKS.
NOT ALL KISSES ARE MAGIC,
AND MOST BOYS DO NOT LIVE UP
TO YOUR EXPECTATIONS,
BUT THERE ARE THOSE TIMES WHEN
EVERYTHING, I MEAN LOVE,
ROMANCE, RELATIONSHIPS,
IT ALL FALLS TOGETHER PERFECTLY
AND IT'S INCREDIBLE.
IT'S THOSE MOMENTS, NO MATTER
HOW DEPRESSINGLY FEW AND FAR
BETWEEN,
THAT MAKE GROWING UP WORTH IT.
YOU'LL BE OK.
[CLOCK BELL TOLLS]
OH, MY GOD!
TELL ME IT IS NOT 6 AM.
IT'S 6AM.
WAKE UP, WAKE UP!
PACEY, THE TEST IS IN 4 HOURS.
OH MY GOD! I MUST HAVE BEEN
STUDYING AND I PASSED OUT.
HEY, RELAX. WHERE'S THE BINDER?
BINDER'S ON THE PORCH,
I'LL GET IT.
WE DON'T HAVE ANY TIME!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHERE IS EVERYONE?
EVERYONE IS TOTALLY ASLEEP,
TOTALLY UNSTUDIED,
TOTALLY UNPREPARED,
AND TOTALLY SCREWED!
MORNING.
HEY.
THEY'RE GETTING UP.
WE SHOULD GET DOWN THERE.
THANK YOU.
FOR?
FOR A VERY FUN NIGHT.
HANG ON A SEC, I'LL GET
DRESSED AND COME DOWN WITH YOU.
NO, NO. THAT'S COOL.
JUST, TAKE YOUR TIME.
I'LL MEET YOU
DOWN THERE.
ALRIGHT, EVERYBODY, LISTEN UP!
WE GOT EXACTLY FOUR
CONCENTRATED HOURS
IN WHICH TO STUDY FOR THE
DEADLIEST EXAM OF OUR YOUNG
ADULT LIVES.
NOW, GOING OFF AN ABBREVIATED
VERSION OF ANDIE'S LESSON PLAN,
I PLAN ON CONSTRUCTING A 3 HOUR
AND 45 MINUTE LESSON PLAN,
WHICH, IF EXECUTED PROPERLY,
WILL COVER EVERYTHING.
YOU FOLLOWING ME?
PACEY, THIS TEST IS WAY TOO...
SHH! LISTEN, DON'T WORRY.
BOYS AND GIRLS, YOU HAPPEN TO BE
IN THE HANDS OF A PROFESSIONAL
CRAMMER.
LET'S START WITH BEOWULF.
HOW MANY MONSTERS DID HE
HAVE TO FIGHT AND NAME ONE.
THREE.
GRENDEL.
GOOD, NOW ON TO THE HARD STUFF.
WHICH ONE OF THE BRONTE
SISTERS WROTE WUTHERING HEIGHTS?
EMILY.
CHARLOTTE.
IT WAS EMILY.
CHARLOTTE!
CHARLOTTE WROTE JANE EYRE.
THEN WHAT DID EMILY WRITE?
WUTHERING HEIGHTS.
"TO BE OR NOT TO BE.
THAT IS THE QUESTION."
"WHETHER IT IS NOBLER IN THE
MIND TO SUFFER THE SLINGS..."
NAME THE LITTLE PEOPLE IN
GULLIVER'S TRAVELS.
LILLIPUTIANS.
THE BIG BAD SCARY PEOPLE.
BROB...
BROB... BROB...
BROMD... BROM..
D-DING?
"ARMS AGAINST A SEA
OF TROUBLES."
TO SLEEP..
NAME THREE OCCUPATIONS OF
TRAVELERS IN THE CANTERBURY
TALES.
KNIGHT!
SUMMONER!
COME ON! COME ON!
DID WE SAY KNIGHT?
"AND BY A SLEEP TO SAY WE END."
"TO DIE, TO SLEEP, TO
SLEEP PERCHANCE TO DREAM."
I'LL BUY IT.
BROMDAMING!
BROBDINGNAGIANS.
CONGRATULATIONS, GUYS,
WE'RE DONE,
BUT I GOT ONE LAST
GROUP ACTIVITY.
HEY.
WOW. YOU REALLY TOOK
CONTROL IN THERE.
YOU HAVE AN INTERESTING WAY
OF DOING THAT.
YEAH, WELL, I PERFORM WELL
UNDER PRESSURE.
I WANT TO EXPLAIN
SOMETHING TO YOU.
YOU REALLY DON'T HAVE
TO TALK ABOUT THIS, ANDIE.
I DO, PACEY.
I MEAN, I'M THE QUEEN OF
KEEPING DIRTY SECRETS.
SO I UNDERSTAND WHY YOU DIDN'T
JUMP FORWARD WITH THE
INFORMATION.
I THINK I WAS JUST MORE
SHOCKED BY THE IDEA
THAT YOU HAVE SO MUCH
EXPERIENCE AND I, UM...
WILL.
YOU'RE SUCH A JERK!
A SLACKER JERK.
A CHAMPION SLACKER JERK.
AND WHAT DOES THAT MAKE YOU?
I DON'T KNOW, PACEY.
YOU TELL ME.
I DARE YOU.
YOU, ANDIE McPHEE, ARE THE GIRL
THAT I LOVE TO HATE.
I LOVE TO HATE YOU, TOO.
[SIGHS]
NOT FORGIVEN.
IT'S A NO?
HEY.
CAN WE TALK?
SURE.
DO ME A FAVOR AND DON'T SAY
ANYTHING, OK?
EVERY TIME WE SPEAK,
I ALWAYS SCREW THIS UP.
JUST PLEASE LISTEN.
OK?
ALL I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT
LATELY IS HOW MUCH I WANT TO
TAKE BACK OUR FIRST KISS.
HOW MUCH I WOULD PAY TO JUST LET
YOU CLIMB THROUGH THAT WINDOW.
I MEAN, WHO KNOWS WHAT
WOULD HAVE HAPPENED?
MAYBE WE'D STILL
BE BEST FRIENDS.
MAYBE YOU'D EVEN STILL
HAVE A THING FOR ME.
I JUST KNOW THAT I
WOULDN'T BE HURTING LIKE THIS.
BUT THEN I THINK ABOUT...
...EVERYTHING THAT KISS
BROUGHT INTO MY LIFE.
WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO LOOK AT YOU
AND KNOW NOT JUST WHAT YOU WERE
THINKING,
BUT ALSO WHAT YOU WERE FEELING
BECAUSE I WAS FEELING THE SAME
THING,
AND THEN IT'S WORTH IT.
IT'S WORTH ALL THE PAIN
THAT I'M GOING THROUGH.
I WANT TO REGRET KISSING YOU,
JOEY, BUT I CAN'T.
IT WAS THE SMARTEST DECISION
I EVER MADE.
DAWSON, THE TWO TIMES I
FELL IN LOVE,
ON THE TEST,
THEY WERE BOTH YOU.
I MEAN, THE FIRST TIME
I FELL WAS FOR MY FRIEND,
THE DAWSON I GREW UP WITH,
THE BOY ACROSS THE CREEK,
AND THE SECOND TIME
WAS AFTER WE KISSED.
I MEAN, YOU BECAME THIS
WHOLE NEW PERSON TO ME AND...
I FELL IN LOVE ALL OVER AGAIN.
I MEAN, JUST BECAUSE
WE'RE NOT TOGETHER ANYMORE
DOES NOT CHANGE
MY FEELINGS FOR YOU, DAWSON.
IT'S ME I'M UNSURE OF.
JOEY, I'M GOING TO GIVE
YOU THAT SPACE.
NO HOSTILITY, NO UNDERHANDED
COMMENTS, JUST SPACE.
BUT THAT DOESN'T CHANGE THE
WAY I FEEL ABOUT YOU.
NOTHING CAN CHANGE THAT.
COME ON, DAWSON!
LET'S GO!
"DEAR CLASS, SOMETIMES
PREPARATION TEACHES YOU MORE
THAN THE EXAM ITSELF THEREFORE,
YOU HAVE MORE OF IT.
MY ILLNESS HAS CLAIMED ME FOR
ANOTHER DAY. TEST RESCHEDULED."
[ALL SIGH]
WELL, LOOKS LIKE WE CRAMMED
ALL NIGHT FOR NOTHING.
NOW WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO?
GO TO OUR OTHER CLASSES,
I GUESS.
ACTUALLY, NO.
I GOT ONE LAST GROUP ACTIVITY.
FOLLOW ME.